feat(SettingsForm): Add compact variant (#521)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/UI/UI.md

```

> ### Compact Settings
> 
> You can also make the settings appear compact:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compact settings

To make the settings menu compact, with less spacing between the menu contents, pass `isCompact` to the `<SettingsForm>`.

```
